well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about my
first job in sesame street
and why sesame street is an institution
and what that might tell us about the
future
my first job i was i don't know 14
maybe somewhere in there too young to
actually have a job
but i was working washing dishes for
this guy
and he had just come over well not just
come over he'd been here a while
but he was an immigrant and uh
he was a really cool guy i mean very
happy
jovial kind of guy walks up and does the
punches thing
hugs you all that stuff which was weird
to me my people do not do that
um but he was a really really
nice happy guy all the time but because
of
where he was from and his mannerisms
because in a lot of ways he he was a
walking stereotype
um people made assumptions and the rumor
was
that he was connected to some organized
folks
now at 14 i thought that was cool i did
i'm not gonna lie i thought that was
awesome
as i got older you know late teens early
twenties
i was like man that's a harmful
stereotype you know
i have no reason to believe that this
guy was anything like that
as i got even older and actually met
some
some people that would know i found it
funny that anytime they found out where
i was from
they asked about him today i just write
that up to them
liking his cooking but the point of all
of this
is one day this very happy jovial guy
he starts yelling at this kid his kids
like 19 years old
also just come over okay
and he's poking him in the chest and
basically telling him that he needs to
take his classes more seriously because
he's going to classes to learn how to
speak english
and uh the kids like you know you you
your english isn't perfect and the guy
yells at him he's like i learned to
speak
english from sesame street
and that always stuck with me it it
always stuck with me because i had this
image of this guy it's like this tough
guy
and there he is watching grover and big
bird i don't know if that's really how
he learned to speak english
but sesame street was a part of that
story
it's part of a lot of people's stories i
bet you watched it growing up i did
it's an institution the reason it's a
classic the reason it's an institution
is because it's been around forever it's
been around forever because it does not
chase trends
they do not deal in fads
they make decisions thinking in terms of
decades
rather than years at least that's the
way it's always appeared to me
and that's uh the reason they've been
around so long that's why they are a
part of so many stories
they have two new characters aziz
and noor and
they uh live in refugee camps
they don't make decisions on the short
term
what's that tell you
that that's an issue that we're going to
be facing for a while
they're making educational materials for
children in refugee camps and this is
made possible
because lego good job guys build big and
all that
gave them like a hundred million dollars
and uh the macarthur foundation
gave them a bunch too i think actually
another hundred million
but the point is this institution
this organization that has been around
for a very long time
sees this as a need and they probably
see it as a need that's going to be one
that
is around for a while with that in mind
we need to realize we're going to have
to deal with the migration
of people more and more especially as
climate change really starts to take its
toll
a lot of the stereotypes that we have
about people from other places they got
to go
a lot of the nationalism we have it's
got to go
because the world is changing people are
moving
there are a lot of institutions that are
not political
that uh have a long history
of kind of forecasting what's going to
happen
that are taking note of this
we're we're gonna have to work on it
we're going to have to accept that
people are going to move
they're going to have to their
current locations are going to be
inhospitable either through weather
or because of tensions caused by the
climate
the world is changing and we are going
to have to adjust
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day